Fixup "leadership protocol" -> "block production" (#89)
QuantumFusion-network/qf-solochain: runtimes/qf-runtime/README.md

## Summary

The QF Runtime is a high-throughput Substrate-based runtime optimized for 100 ms block production, powered by a custom

> PoS-based **SPIN** [^1] block production that grants a single block-authoring right for a fixed number of slots,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PoS-based **SPIN** [^1] consensus protocol that grants a single block-authoring right for a fixed number of slots,
```
